add a first tutorial (#234)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/tutorials/using_catalyst.md

# Using Catalyst
In this tutorial we'll provide an introduction to using Catalyst to specify
chemical reaction networks, and then to solve ODE, jump and SDE models generated
from them. Let's start by using the Catalyst [`@reaction_network`](@ref) macro
to specify a simply chemical reaction network; the well-known repressilator.

We first import the basic packages we'll need:

```julia
# If not already installed, first hit "]" within a Julia REPL. Then type:

> # add DiffEqBase OrdinaryDiffEq StochasticDiffEq DiffEqJump ModelingToolkit Catalyst Plots Latexify 

Reviewer: we should really just recommend DifferentialEquations, reexport MTK. This should just be:

```julia
using Catalyst, DifferentialEquations, Plots, Latexify
```

Author: It used to be that in the old tutorial, but I was finding `using DifferentialEquations` to have become very slow (so much that I haven't used it in quite a while, so perhaps that improved).
In real use I don't think one would generally want to use it would they?

Reviewer: on the other hand, saying we're going to `using` 8 packages in the basic tutorial is quite intimidating. But yeah.. FWIW using times are dropping heavily in v1.5 and v1.6.

Author: I switched it. I was debating that same point myself but had leaned towards it being better to show what I'd think is the normal use case vs. the easier case. But it is fine either way.

7-element Array{Variable,1}:
 α
 K
 n
 δ
 γ
 β
 μ
```
Knowing these orderings we can create parameter and initial condition vectors,
and then setup the `ODEProblem` we want to solve:

```julia
# import the relevant packages for solving ODEs:
using DiffEqBase, OrdinaryDiffEq

# parameters [α,K,n,δ,γ,β,μ]
p = (.5, 40, 2, log(2)/120, 5e-3, 20*log(2)/120, log(2)/60)

# initial condition [m₁,m₂,m₃,P₁,P₂,P₃]
u₀ = [0.,0.,0.,20.,0.,0.]

# time interval to solve on
tspan = (0., 10000.)

# create the ODEProblem we want to solve
oprob = ODEProblem(repressilator, u₀, tspan, p)
```

Note, by passing `repressilator` directly to the `ODEProblem` ModelingToolkit
has to (internally) call `convert(ODESystem, repressilator)` again. We could
instead pass `odesys` directly, provided we construct mappings from each species
to their initial value, and each parameter to their value like:
```julia
u₀map  = Pair.(species(repressilator), u₀)
pmap   = Pair.(params(repressilator), p)
oprob2 = ODEProblem(osys, u₀map, tspan, pmap)
```
`oprob` and `oprob2` are functionally equivalent, each representing the same
underlying problem. 

At this point we are all set to solve the ODEs. We can now use any ODE solver

> from within the [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://github.com/SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from within the [DifferentialEquations.jl](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/latest/solvers/ode_solve/)
```

Non OrdinaryDiffEq solvers work.

very close to zero in size, it is not a good candidate to model with the CLE
(where solutions can then go negative and become unphysical). Let's create a
simpler reaction network for a birth-death process that will stay non-negative:

```julia
bdp = @reaction_network begin
  c₁, X --> 2X
  c₂, X --> 0
  c₃, 0 --> X
end c₁ c₂ c₃
p = (1.0,2.0,50.)
u₀ = [5.]
tspan = (0.,4.);
```

The corresponding Chemical Langevin Equation SDE is then

```math
dX(t) = \left( c_1 X\left( t \right) - c_2 X\left( t \right) + c_3 \right) dt + \sqrt{c_1 X(t)} dW_1(t) - \sqrt{c_2 X(t)} dW_2(t) + \sqrt{c_3} dW_3(t)
```

where each $W_i(t)$ denotes an independent Brownian Motion. We can solve the CLE
model by creating an `SDEProblem` and solving it similar to what we did for ODEs
above:

```julia
# first we load StochasticDiffEq
using StochasticDiffEq

# SDEProblem for CLE
sprob = SDEProblem(bdp, u₀, tspan, p)

# solve and plot, tstops is used to specify enough points
# that the plot looks well-resolved
sol = solve(sprob, LambaEM(), tstops=range(0., step=4e-3, length=1001))
plot(sol)
```
![CLE Solution](../assets/birthdeath_cle.svg)

We again have complete freedom to select any of the

> StochasticDifferentialEquations.jl SDE solvers, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StochasticDiffEq.jl SDE solvers, see the
```
